replaced previous toggle syntax with current options (#2726)
cap-js/docs: guides/extensibility/feature-toggles.md

### In Development

> CAP Node.js' `mocked-auth` strategy has built-in support for toggling features per tenant, per user, or per request. CAP Java's [Mock User Authentication with Spring Boot](../../java/security#mock-users) allows to assign feature toggles to users based on the mock user configuration. To demonstrate toggling features per tenant, or user, you can add these lines of configuration to our `package.json` of the SAP Fiori app (Node.js) or to the mock user configuration in the `srv/src/main/resources/application.yaml` file (CAP Java).

Author: @agoerler Is there meanwhile also the option to toggle by tenant in CAP Java? The current config doesn't show that.

Reviewer: In CAP Java you can declare mock users and assign a [mock] tenant to a mock user. You can also specify the set of features flags that are enabled per mock user. But you can't configure features per [mock] tenant. https://pages.github.tools.sap/cap/docs/java/security#mock-users

If you badly want to assign features to a tenant you could register a custom `FeatureToggleInfoProvide` that selects the features based on the tenant. But you can't do this declaratively.

    - name: fred
      features:
```
:::

In effect of this, for the user `carol` the feature `isbn` is enabled, for `erin`, the features `isbn` and `reviews` are enabled, and for the user `fred` all features are disabled.

### In Production

::: warning Bring your own toggle provider for production

> Note that the previous sample is only for demonstration purposes. As user and tenant management is outside of CAP's scope, there's no out-of-the-box feature toggles provider for production yet. → Learn more about that in the following section [*Feature Vector Providers*](#feature-vector-providers-in-node-js).

Author: ```suggestion
Note that the previous sample is only for demonstration purposes. As user and tenant management is outside of CAP's scope, there's no out-of-the-box feature toggles provider for production yet. → Learn more about that in the following section [*Feature Vector Providers*](#feature-vector-providers-in-nodejs).
```

![A standard SAP Fiori UI including the new columns ratings and isbn that are available to erin.](assets/image-20220630132726831.png)

> ## Feature Vector Providers in Node.js

Author: @agoerler Is there anything equivalent in CAP Java?
